hello guys as you can see i'm standing
on the other side of that wall and i'm
out of the map on metro let me show you
how it's done first be rican with the
math and spawn near to flag see then
place your math on this corner and try
to jump in this wall after you've done
that you jump over this barrier but make
sure to lay down after you jumped
and congratulations you are out of the
map now I'll show you some nice spots
and tricks to kill people the first spot
is a great spot for a sniper you can
kill people who are standing outside
the next spot is to defend and kill
people at flag be jump down on this
barrier and lay down at this place there
are two barriers where you can aim
through to kill people you can defend
flag be when you go to this place
now I'll show you how to capture flag
see from outside the map go stand on
this place and jump down on that rock
from here you can easily take flag see
for the next spot i'll show you how to
kill people near to flag a
go to the same place as i do and lay
down there are two barriers where you
can shoot through again
for the last spot i'll show you how to
get on the other side of that wall just
jump down on that white circle but look
out you can only stand on this thing
where I'm now standing on you can't
shoot through the wall but other people
will see you standing here and they will
try to kill you
look out you can fall down and there is
no way back you can also kill people
with c4 everywhere place c4 of other
group of enemies and ask a team mates to
lay down at your c4 and just blow it up
I hope you enjoyed this glitch and
please don't forget to subscribe for
more battlefield 3 glitches